What were you saying?
Dad, I was wrong, Dad, I was wrong, I was wrong, no need
This order
Put it all on this little girl.
Yes, yes, if you dare to take an extra penny
I'll make you unable to stand up for the rest of your life.
I know dad
I was wrong. Go away
Oh, I see.
You have been by Miss Shen Tingting's side before
The brush must also be Miss Shen's hurdle
This room must also be Miss Shen
I see
I told you
You are poor
How can I afford such a nice house?
What? They're here to urge the payment.
Let them wait a few more days
I have to find Miss Shen quickly
The matter of advancing this 100 billion order
Otherwise, our driver will be broken.
This order
For the sake of you and me being married for three years
I'll ask Chen Tingting to give it to you.
Still bragging
This order was brought back by our Lan Lan ourselves.
Hmm, that's it.
If it weren't for the cosmetic incident
As for our Gao Group, it has come to this point
I asked him to sign this list and he signed it
I don't nod
No one wants to take it away
I'll save the price for you.
I'll see.